hello friends and welcome to
another video on my channel
in the year
today it's about a mod there have
I discovered something or rather
said a friend told me
I personally find it very funny there
or you can if you have the model then
you can bring a black hole
let arise
For example, here I would have been
a radio that is nothing now
special but it makes music like that
bad that there now run only once
Because of me, I'm sitting here now
portal you know the game totally and
it is simple then you have it
Advantage that with a second portal of
are white when you go into a purely
If you can do it, then you come with the other one
back out when we go in you come
here again if you somehow times
run far away or so then you can
to see it
there you were before tal and or fitness man
other portal there is always quite good
if somehow you just watched something
or so that you are the portals
again, because if I am now
example the portal
and then when you click on it you press it
portal inputs
I'll just do that now
are my portal right you can still see
nice around a thread around a reticule
Once upon a time there is something blue and one
orange so blue it on one
portal if I said that when
now mine against young as always
there you see that it is too far or there
nothing in the field of flowers
there's nothing that's why I 'm here
is, it is identified by total
finished and wanted to come back now
because you the point me is me completely
you just can not do it because of it
I would suggest either two
portal with or takes your own
and then not so much playing around you
can also do it for me if I am
Now every time that one has simply
I want to go away because of me
spread out on it
therefore do not always put then you have
the portal always with you one could
but here again never gone
though struck in her
and back there is so come away now
we show what the actual topic is
wanted
then I have to briefly here once
nice place find here a portal
purely
I'm back is mine minecraft
just smeared
on the subject for this I would have to be a man
to be done
or comes as I said here it is
a portal now you have the moon
search or you are the moon send
I 'm smart to have a good position
there you see the portal with my wife
then quite a few shots around the moon
hold true
Now you can see that I have
hit and what does a black one come up with?
hole all yes environment to i
Think 15 or 20 bridges feed animals
and creatures are also fed
as well as I renounce that now
same items if we also doubted
are also drawn in and yes so
it arises then
then I could upgrade here again
and others away what I personally build
use if I always the same
is now listed that means I have
you hit moon he is on the moon
as I said so you could very nice
smooth surfaces make that I do
sometimes the tree is pulled to all dirt
since I do now got a great
smooth platform of
I think that's really funny with me
sometimes I can not stand a chance
then little chance of break-in
you have to I'm sorry I have to
do not know if it is with you too
not so personally i do not have any
times such a bad calculator I know
not if that's kind of a bug no
and jan bornemann party becomes
but always there or became element
also just pulled in
so he can all over here again
still won by
but the money comeback so the mod is
very funny and so yes it tasted
you can simply serve him
either so amazing or you use
best that is always the best
possibility used crafting terminal
that's a launcher of minecraft there
you have then
I believe all versions on it all up
now except maybe a two and one
the associated with which place for
this version was outside
Just get them some times I've got that
link in the description very useful
I personally play mainly
about that
You have then whether the fine you can do that
do not cut shader or cut it
since the new version then runs the culprit
not perfect it is still
not so broken
So that is broken in my running
shader not at all with my friends
It does not work either but you can
the friends with indicator that exist
still stuck mods and gigants
yes, here I can again
demonstrating would also be involved
and now totally and completely live in the
I would die and yes
Thank you for watching please go there
an abo da please also a thumbs up
and yes we'll see you next time